[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Unfortunately, most of us
are not starting with a blank
slate.
We've accumulated
debris, toxins,
residues of foods
that we've eaten,
perhaps heavy
metals, pesticides.
And therefore, we've got to do
some cleansing action in order
to move that stuff out of us
and allow the really good food
to do its work.
There's a whole strategy
for detoxification
that has been developed
over the last 150 years
which we find to be very
effective and very simple.
And the basic idea is
you've got to start
by doing the simplest thing
ever, which is upon rising,
drink lots of water.
As simple as that
is, it's amazing
how many, how few
people actually do that.
Drink a liter, two liters of
water before you have any food,
before you have any
coffee, before whatever,
tea, whatever you start
your morning with.
Drink a liter, two
liters sometimes.
In fact, for most people,
they need two liters.
Just drink water, and
then begin your day.
What we notice
first is initially,
boom, things flow out.
There is a cleansing
that occurs.
Bowel movements occur.
And if we really look at
what's going on in our culture,
the real problem is not
some war over there.
It's not crime.
It's not the economy.
Those are all symptoms
of a much deeper issue,
which is constipation.
Constipation is an epidemic
that is ravaging society,
but it's completely hidden
and not talked about.
Colonics, enemas, things
that help to move stuff out,
herbs that help to
move things out, water
that helps to move things out.
These are critical factors
in the cleansing equation,
because our body's
primary method
of cleansing and detoxification
is through the bowels.
And that is-- it is the best
way to get the toxins out.
Because if you try to
get the toxins out by,
for example, taking a bunch
of herbs and you know,
all kinds of super cleansing
accouterments, what ends up
happening is your
body might go hey,
you know, the bowels
are clogged up.
We'd better get it
out through the skin.
And stuff starts
coming out of your skin
or you start sweating
it out or rashes appear.
And nobody wants
to go through that.
That's a nightmare.
How do you want to
get the stuff out?
You want to get it out through
your bowels and get it out,
as much out as possible.
I had a cousin, I have a cousin.
My cousin lost 150 pounds
in about an 18 month period
on our program, raw,
organic, natural foods
across a selection that
we've been talking about.
And he actually moved all
that toxicity out of his body
through his bowels.
12 bowel movements a day.
One day he lost 15
pounds in one day.
That is really interesting,
but really difficult
to talk about to
the general public.
Because when we
think of weight loss,
we think we're going to go work
out and convert it into muscle
and sweat it off.
But actually in this day and
age with the toxicity that's
in the average fat cell
of the average person,
you don't want to move that
stuff out through your skin.
You want to get it out
through your bowels
as quickly as possible.
What else is effective?
Well herbs are really
important as an adjunctive part
of the cleansing process.
Certain herbs are capable
of affecting great changes
in our toxicity level.
For example, if we take
in lots of powdered
cloves, black walnut, and
the final piece of that
is wormwood, those three
herbs, cloves, black walnut,
and wormwood, are extremely
effective at knocking out
hitchhikers in our
digestive tract.
And those hitchhikers
themselves are not toxic.
It's their waste
products that are toxic.
Viruses are not toxic.
It's their waste
products that are toxic.
Bacteria is not toxic.
It's its waste products
that are toxic.
And flukes, worms, et
cetera, are not toxic.
It's their waste products.
So if we really want to
move the toxicity out,
we have to move out
the toxicity producers,
and those can be hitchhikers,
otherwise known as parasites.
We've been sold the idea that
parasites happen somewhere else
in some far off country where
there's lots of humidity,
and things come through the
ground and get in your food
or whatever.
And that is something
that is not true.
People can have parasites.
I had a good friend of mine.
He's been on raw food,
herbs, the whole program
for about a year.
And he recently had a tapeworm
come out, 10 foot tapeworm.
And that gets people's
attention instantly.
Because it's all fine and
dandy, but when something like
that comes out of your body,
your whole life changes.
Because you realize
it's possible
that what we've been told
or sold is inaccurate.
And it's something you
experience yourself.
Again, getting back
to feeling, right?
You're your own doctor.
You see something like
that come out of you,
you're going to be motivated.
You're going to suddenly
go, wait a second,
let me get that film back on.
Maybe there's something
I need to see in there.
Or I'm going to go
to the bookstore.
Or I'm going back to
the health food store.
I need to really look into this.
This is one of the reasons why
I recommend colonics and enemas.
Because colonics and enemas can
help move that toxicity out.
And there's this
little tube when
you go and have a colonic done.
And that tube shows you
what's coming out of you.
Now for people who don't
know what a colonic is,
it's kind of like
a glorified enema.
You basically have a
tube put in your rectum,
and then water comes in and then
out, in and out, in and out.
And it allows your lymphatic
system to completely drain out.
Anyway, you can see
what's coming out
through this little tube.
Whoa.
I mean, I've seen people who
come out of a colonic and said,
I just saw a penny
come out of me
or I just saw this really,
like, hard rock come out.
Or you know, flukes, or things
that look like an octopus.
Or, I mean, crazy stuff that
cause you to go, uh oh, whoa.
It's why I'm an advocate
of colon hydrotherapy.
Now obviously, you want to
seek out a reputable colon
hydrotherapist.
And you want to be
careful as with anything
with a health care practitioner
and find someone who is not
only reputable, but
has a long history
of doing the work
that they're doing.
And talk to some
of their patients.
I'm a very, very big advocate,
by the way, of acupuncture
and opening up the meridian
system as part of the cleansing
and detoxification process.
Why is it that we have toxicity?
How is it possible that
toxicity could damage us?
Well, we have energy that
flows through our heart,
out all our meridians,
energy systems of the body,
subtle energies, things that--
yeah, you cut somebody open,
you don't see an energy freeway
going through.
But if you find out that
someone, for example,
has extreme stomach problems
and you start working on them,
you know, stomach 36 point
right here with an acupuncture
needle, you will find out that
that spot is extremely tense
and has lots of pain.
So they are holding
energy there.
And if there's toxins moving
through the environment,
those toxins back
up in that dam.
And they'll back up in
that energy blockage zone.
And therefore, it can
create a real problem.
And eventually in the
case of the stomach,
it could create
ulcers, stomach cancer.
And it cascades into worse and
worse problems down the road.
So we need to open up the
meridians through acupuncture,
and generally through
body work and massage
as well to allow that
stuff to flow through.
What else?
[MUSIC PLAYING]